## EXERCISE

1. Design a package. 
----------------------------------------
You should come up with a name and a rough description for it, and a description of the R functions that will go in it. 
The package can do anything you like: analyse data, produce graphs, perform some kind of fancy model, but it shouldn't 
have more than 5-6 functions. You don't have to write any code! You should merely produce a max 3 page pdf document which 
gives your function name and a description of what it does, and a description of what each of the functions do. In later 
weeks we'll start creating this package so make sure it's viable.

2. Code package. 
Write R code for your package

3. Vignette. 
Write a vignette to go with it

4. Shiny integration
Shiny app for your package (designed in week 6 and coded (at least partially in week 8))




Week 11 notes
This is project week. You should use this week to catch up on exercises you haven’t yet completed.

By the end of week 13, you need to submit an R package in the form of a *.tar.gz file produced by devtools::build. It should be submitted to the Project assignment box on Blackboard.

It should have:
At least 4 substantial R functions
ROxygen help documentation including examples for at least two of the functions
A vignette which explains the use of the package in an informative way. See https://cran.rstudio.com/web/packages/dplyr/vignettes/introduction.html for an example of a good vignette.
A Shiny app which demonstrates some functionality of the package. 
Hopefully some of the above you have already completed during the weekly exercises. In week 6 you should have designed the package, in week 8 written R code and drafted a vignette, and in week 9 
designed/written a Shiny app.  

I will mark the package by doing the following:
Downloading the R package and running devtools::check on it. You will receive 5/5 for no errors/warnings/notes, with -2 for each error, and -1 for each note/warning.
Reading the DESCRIPTION file. This should be informative and concise. Marked out of 5
Installing the package and running the examples. Marked out of 5
Running the Shiny app. Marked out of 5
Reading the vignette and running the associated commands. Marked out of 10. 
Total: 30 marks


SM 
	assignment


--various assignments

	-w12 notes
	
w1	:	*CORRECT*
w2	:	1
w3	:	2,3
w4	:	3,5
w5	:	3,4
w6	:	*R package outline*	
w7	:	-
w8	:	*code R package*
w9	:	-	
w10 	: 	-
w11	:`	*R package complete*
w12	:	3	


Saturday 
	-	write package outline, earthquake mapper
	-	review w6 on creating a package
	-	w7 interactive plot
	- 
	 
